but so much football he played himself
which position
Pour in
Allplan Kaiser sends you thanks
w
in the words the biggest and known
she tappe carnic
in El Arenal it would be Pauli say 3 inches
Treat yourself to peace and quiet
we were just quicker to orient and so it comes back buried
or a new hiking trail
the football there with Emperor Nero and all the hardship this time the the
be sensitive
Moniz go
and they do not have to let Dr be percent here as well
to add our mustard friends South Africa is the host country and there
of course I would like to hear from you what you get from this country
yes winter writes sentence and hold so it is a bit cold there
and
and you can say all this new Lara Chur will be for the DFB and
for our national team preparing the ideal preparation
to the next tournament »GM 2012
and above all, what about the crime statistics of the legs
determined
Guggenbühl figures they only dived out any and parallels
Yalom is used to us and is from the perspective of the city this is one
long before the tournament
to come to the conclusion that really is the only one
Difference between poland / ukraine and if she is there for it actually around
yes they are there are more black and that they even in the
Winter so yes and at the moment it is too
Year after his Polo otherwise
is turned
JAL sad but true about South Africa, the host has a wonderful country around
the German national team that had landed a few days in the district
moved in and has to be welcomed directly on mobile phones so synonymous get the
Coalition or one officially agrees not set up, however, is that
Net not built up and the grainy then talk the Aachener is
However, what is completely different yes our sources say that the
All mobile phones were collected by Lukas Podolski and Mesut özil
ADR's loaners had the option of Farce and Piotr
To buy back Trochowski again
"Wonderful" wonderful that he runs
the young German team for you to young fall from no absolutely
"Absolutely not" to Dunga
all these in a good mood
apart from preparation was world class
Even though some top players mistake Jaffé because they are hurt Rare around
Nevertheless, I think that they will come a long way
perhaps in a timely manner, the emperor might have even anticipated songs
further
Teacher will start the final tournament for the people », said Mattes on Sunday
against the first group opponents the Australians then it starts at 20 30 and
yes, the Australian
an interesting team an interesting aspect just have five players
over 50 caps and yes that makes us but courage or definitely us
are against any form as a German team around
m Kramer wishes again funds over 50 caps surface light we have
at least 6
So grab an advantage on our side yes and
But ozil has to say but I know during the holidays
researched it has my favorite word around the pan in 50's
Internationals or whatever I'm 60s they may be the five players around
Hold on 20 25 30 against Thaci Samoa New Zealand still fits so bookable
Turner been that singer in front of us
are missing these games only as yes once not even seen
from experience more meaning the very clear advantage even if our
team
quite clear advantage of doing so by the NAS, there are also a few others
Facts about the Australia are more than interesting
The Australian, fortunately, has only two trained strikers in the field
a in the whole squad one is Joshua know the Danes from the Bundeswehr in
Cannes from Karlsruher SC
who is now in care in Japan and the other
around Galicia
or something like that and the soup from Ukraine
great, but I believe only two
with two strikers that clearly shows that Australia is the focus entirely
clear on the defensive is the defensive and so are
it is always one player the other so now with his team
Siegen can join again
He also has his crew is naturally holding his ears
del plays in the
Turkish
Ott at Galatasary Istanbul, which this year reaches a bluish square
to have
Since you can already see percent year Jules holds as much value as the phones
from the German cloud and RM
Cocktails Merkel pleaded
the sail yes that has its advantages
Super League South Wales atmosphere but Tim Cahill the Swede is longer
when expect that no bad that still very short and mild of the
Australian team will say two shells again yes and there he will
sleep and German knees
too expensive for us but we'll see what on sunday 11 Blatter looked up
the place work
Percent quite interesting
are also a few other lyrics Australian national team under
percent other a very important link between Australia and APA
Samoa is right
he sure
Australia has the Northern Murra those of
Victory of
AR international history unofficial
nla-game of FIFA retraced I was one of his view to zero once so
I have you different Men Tanner im 31 that makes him KUNIGKEIT
but good but also in the ear but played alone there went eleven people product
Eick american-samoa hot summer night but so clock, after all
Eleven players or Jaggi also directs it bored alone
but in
he may not be able to prove so well about Pauli and what also
On it alone she has questions she brought him friends
the game
is so close to the box and we'll see what happens
Of course, it is also interesting that the tournament is expensive
will be installed world champion
Heldt the trophy at the end
Jan the people talk a lot about England twice they lent
Min and how they are called but but I think the winner is Germany
hot or if you look at a Piccoli
Also the Polish team has their preferences and around
of course, Cuba got the otherwise easier
I like my team there so I believe the Germany Travel Real
the Polish team against dam break and flood
just hard for the team
At the end of the bout, Dutt let the Polish champion hospital list end up
itself is in signal iduna park percent
the long-term average
like the tick Erika Erica I see March for you Germany as
World Champion
Dell for me there is only one problem, that is Kim Yong Il
North Korean who casts it President King the crime scene a hunch
Hermann in the state first man in the state
he I pity that he threatens to start other countries
War nuclear bomb everything so what he has hidden to his country there or so
that's why
I think I now in Europe, but otherwise give Germany very clear
Favorite for me and the economy
To Jung said Bremen for a euro, there are thousands of euros
a world champion tip on North Korea so maybe back home one
recognized problem of the Mainzer information
As of Thursday, close to North Korea around I expect that he himself
In the last group game on a horse, horseback riding should be done and transferred
scored three goals
that sounds very real is not
Herne I would like to set the Trierer also join a BMZ
Germany world champion
Games against Spain also learn from another like Westerwelle now
Striker the better save the best midfield though
when
Nadal
Patriot the competition he was anyway
World star Raúl as well as in summer
also in Africa now winter is Germany for world champion
with these words
even while saying that and then it seems like far away places too
with come experience women
Herten
Huber Tel No says honestly